(ALL TALKING AT ONCE)
WHAT AN IMPRESSIVE WIN!
WHAT'S YOUR SECRET?
LIKE I TELL
MY FANS...
WINNING DUELS IS
A PIECE 'A CAKE...
WHEN DESTINY'S
GOT YOUR BACK!
NOW TELL US ABOUT
THIS NEW DECK OF YOURS.
WELL, THERE'S A REASON
I UNVEILED IT TODAY.
SEE, LAST WEEK I PAID
A VISIT TO DUEL ACADEMY.
AND GET THIS.
THERE'S A STUDENT THERE
WHO TOTALLY
COPIED MY DECK!
HUH?!
ANY IDEA
WHO DID THAT?
I GUESS I CAN'T
BLAME 'IM.
I MEAN, WHO WOULDN'T WANNA
BE JUST LIKE ME, RIGHT?
BUT BEFORE THIS WANNABE
TOOK ALL THE CREDIT,
I HAD TO REVEAL MY DECK.
YA SEE, THIS STUDENT...
WHO SHALL REMAIN NAMELESS...
HAS SORT OF A FOLLOWING AMONG
HARDCORE DUELING FANS.
AND THE LAST THING I NEED IS
SOME PREP-SCHOOL PUNK TAKING
THE CREDIT FOR MY HARD WORK.
THAT SETTLES IT.
I OFFICIALLY CAN'T
STAND THIS BLOKE.
NOW WHETHER YOU LIKE
ME OR NOT...
THERE'S ONE FACT THAT
NO ONE OUT THERE CAN DISPUTE.
I'M THE BEST!
I CAN'T BE BEAT!
AND TO PROVE IT I'M
CHALLENGING THIS SCHOOLBOY!
I WON'T TELL YOU HIS
NAME BUT IT RHYMES
WITH... SHMADEN SHMUKI!
(ALL GASP)
HEAR ME, SHMADEN!?
YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE,
YA CARD THIEF!
YOU THINK YOUR
ASTER RIP-OFF DECK IS SO GREAT?
PROVE IT! BY PUTTING IT UP
AGAINST MY DECK!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Crowler: ASTER
IS COMING HERE!?
WHAT WILL I WEAR!?
HE'LL BEAT THE PANTALOONS
OFF OF JADEN!
WHICH MEANS... ONE LESS
SLACKER IN OUR WAY!
YOU ALREADY BEAT
HIM ONCE.
BUT NOW HE'S GOT
HIS REAL DECK.
(THINKING)
THIS IS JUST THE CHALLENGE
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR!
TIME TO GET MY REMATCH ON!
A WISE CHOICE.
YEAH, YOU WERE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO BEAT
THAT JADEN KID.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY!
MY ENTIRE CAREER IS
ON THE LINE HERE!
GLAD YOU AGREE.
BUT DUELING JADEN
WASN'T MY IDEA.
THIS RIVALRY WAS
DETERMINED
BY THE HANDS
OF FATE.
THAT MAY BE TRUE.
BUT WE BOTH KNOW THAT FATE'S
ALREADY CHOSEN ME TO BE
THE BEST.
YOUR PRIDE SERVES AS
BOTH AS A STRENGTH...
AND A WEAKNESS.
NOW BRING ME
YOUR DECK.
I'D LIKE TO PEER
THROUGH THE DOORS
OF DESTINY.
SO WHAT'D YA SEE?
IT SEEMS YOU ALREADY
KNEW THE FUTURE.
THEN YA DON'T HAVE
TO WISH ME LUCK.
I'M FREEZING MY
CROISSANTS OFF!
WHERE'S ASTER
ALREADY!?
HE BETTER NOT HAVE
STOOD US UP AGAIN!
ALL I KNOW IS I'VE LOST
ALL FEELING BELOW MY CHIN!
Man: WE'VE REACHED OUR
TARGET, MR. PHOENIX.
ARE YOU READY?!
YUP.
YOU'RE ALL CLEAR!
DUEL ACADEMY...
HERE I COME!
Bastion: ACCORDING
TO MY RESEARCH,
THERE ISN'T A SPORT
THAT ASTER PHOENIX
HASN'T MASTERED!
AND THERE'S MORE.
HE HAS A HIGH IQ AS WELL AS
A PHOTOGRAPHIC MEMORY.
I HAVE A PHOTOGRAPHIC
MEMORY, TOO.
WELL, WHEN I REMEMBER
TO LOAD THE FILM.
(YAWNING)
WILL YOU GUYS CHILL OUT?
IF YOU WANNA DO
SOME RESEARCH,
I HAVE SOME HOMEWORK
THAT NEEDS FINISHING.
OTHERWISE, COOL IT
WITH THE SPY MISSION.
THIS IS IMPORTANT!
BASTION'S TRYING
TO PINPOINT WHAT
ASTER PHOENIX'S
WEAKNESS IS!
AND SO FAR THERE IS NONE!
SYRUS, YOU'RE
MY BEST BUD.
BUT YOU'RE TAKIN' ALL
THE FUN OUTTA THIS, BRO!
YA GOTTA LOVE THESE
RA YELLOW BEDS.
(SNORING)
HUH? OHH!
YEE-HA!
(GLASS CRACKING)
JACKPOT!
HA HA HA!
Aster: HA HA HA!
WHAT'S YOUR RUSH,
TOUGH GUY!?
NOW THAT YOU STOLE
THOSE CARDS,
DON'T YOU
WANNA USE 'EM!?
WHAT DO YOU WANT!?
I'M JUST LOOKING
FOR A FRIENDLY DUEL.
HA HA HA!
CAN WE GO!?
ASTER!?
NOW WHAT DO YOU
SUPPOSE THAT COULD BE?
HMM.
(EXPLOSION)
AAH! UNH!
HA HA HA!
I HAVE A LITTLE SAYING.
IT GOES: YOU JUST CAN'T
HIDE FROM DESTINY.
NO! WAIT!
(SCREAMING)
DID YOU HEAR
THAT SCREAM!?
MY AUNT IN PARIS
HEARD IT!
WHAT WAS
THAT EXPLOSION?!
I HEARD A SCREAM!
YOU WANT FREE CARDS?
THEN TAKE 'EM.
THEY WON'T BE MUCH
USE TO YOU...
IN PRISON!
HALT!
WHO GOES THERE!?
ASTER PHOENIX!
SO I HAVE ICICLES
ON MY EYEBROWS
FOR NOTHING!?
HEY WHO'S THAT?
SOME PUNK WHO THOUGHT
THAT CRIME PAID OFF.
TURNS OUT HE WAS WRONG.
WHOA. IT LOOKS LIKE YOU
KNOCKED HIM OUT COLD.
WHAT'VE YOU DONE
TO HIM?
JADEN!
HOW'VE YA BEEN, BRO?
HEY! BASTION ASKED YOU
A QUESTION!
YEAH, NOW FESS UP!
HEY, SAVE IT
FOR THE DUEL.
BONJOUR,
MONSIEUR PHOENIX!
WELCOME TO OUR SCHOOL.
I'M CHANCELLOR BONAPARTE,
AND THIS HERE IS
MY PERSONAL ASSISTANT.
SORRY, BUT I'M NOT
SUPPOSED TO TALK
TO MANAGEMENT.
ALL BUSINESS GOES
THROUGH MY AGENT.
YOUR AGENT!?
YEAH, GUYS LIKE ME
DON'T HAVE TIME TO DEAL
WITH ALL
THE LITTLE PEOPLE.
CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG...
BUT AREN'T WE
IN CHARGE HERE!?
I'LL SEE YOU
BRIGHT AND EARLY
FOR OUR DUEL.
BY THE WAY,
OTHER THAN YOUR
FRIENDS HERE...
THERE ARE NO
SPECTATORS ALLOWED.
NO SPECTATORS?
YOU SEE, I'M A PRO.
PEOPLE PAY MONEY
TO WATCH ME DUEL.
THERE'S NO WAY I'M
GIVIN' A FREE SHOW
TO A BUNCH OF AMATEURS!
C'MON, MAN.
THAT'S NOT COOL.
A LOT OF THE STUDENTS
HERE LOOK UP TO YOU!
AND YOU'RE GONNA TELL
'EM THEY CAN'T COME?
GIMME A BREAK!
HOW SELFISH CAN YA BE?
ARE YOU FOR REAL?
HA HA HA!
YOU'VE GOT A LOT TO
LEARN ABOUT THE BIZ.
ASTER, WAIT!
WHERE CAN WE FIND
THIS AGENT
OF YOURS!?
WE'VE GOT BUSINESS
TO DISCUSS!
IT'S STILL LOOSE,
CARLOS.
WHAT DO THESE
THINGS DO, ANYWAY?
THEY'RE ABOUT TO START.
YER BACK-UP TROOPS
ARE RIGHT HERE,
SARGE!
GOOD LUCK.
C'MON, BOYS, I KNOW
WE CAN DO THIS.
Girls: WE LOVE ASTER,
YES WE DO.
WE LOVE ASTER,
HOW 'BOUT YOU!?
DID YOU SEE THAT!?
HE JUST WAVED AT ME.
HE TOTALLY WINKED
AT ME!
IT WAS ME!
IN YOUR DREAMS!
HOW PATHETIC!
THEY'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE WITH US.
I'M GONNA HAVE
A WORD WITH THOSE TWO!
OH, NO YA DON'T.
WE'RE NOT FALLING
FOR THAT!
YOU JUST WANT TO
SIT NEAR ASTER.
AHEM.
ALL RIGHT! HELP ME
WELCOME...
ASTER PHOENIX!
THE BIGGEST STAR
OF OUR TIME!
WITH AN EGO TO MATCH.
YES, MASTER SARTORIUS.
THE MATCH IS ABOUT
TO BEGIN.
THEN IT'S ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE WE ACQUIRE
OUR NEWEST MEMBER...
JADEN YUKI.
FOR WHEN HE LOSES THIS DUEL...
YOUNG JADEN
WILL SEE THE LIGHT!
EVERYONE DOES EVENTUALLY.
(CHIRPING)
WHAT'S UP, PAL?
I WON'T LET
MY GUARD DOWN.
DON'T WORRY.
I KNOW THIS GUY'S
SUPPOSED TO BE THE BEST,
BUT WE BEAT HIM ONCE,
AND WE CAN DO IT AGAIN.
TRUST ME,
IT'S ALL GOOD.
(THINKING)
I'LL SHOW HIM WHAT A DECK
OF REAL HEROES CAN DO!
ALL RIGHT! TIME
TO LOOSEN YOUR TIE,
ROLL UP
YOUR SLEEVES,
AND GET
YOUR GAME ON!
PLEASE, I WON'T
EVEN BREAK A SWEAT.
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN, MAN.
WELL, THERE'S ONLY
ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
LET'S DO THIS!
I'LL KICK THINGS OFF!
CHECK THIS OUT!
LOOK FAMILIAR?
IT'S ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN!
ALL RIGHT, I'LL LET YOU
OFF THE HOOK FOR NOW.
HOW STRANGE.
NOW JADEN HAS TO FIGHT
AGAINST SOME
OF HIS FAVORITE MONSTERS.
PRETTY SWEET
OPENING MOVE.
BUT WATCH THIS!
HEY, NOT BAD!
I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION!
YES! IT'S TIME FOR SOME
FUSION ACTION!
NOW HE CAN ORDER A HIGHER
RANKING MONSTER TO THE FIELD!
NOW I FUSE AVIAN
WITH MY BURSTINATRIX.
SO, ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN...
COME ON DOWN!
AND NOW...
FLAME WINGMAN, ATTACK!
INFERNAL RAGE!
(GROANING)
AND THAT'S NOT ALL!
THANKS TO WINGMAN'S
SUPER POWER...
YOUR CLAYMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS COME OUT
OF YOUR
LIFE POINTS!
TAKE IT AWAY,
WINGMAN!
WHAT DO YA KNOW...
SEEMS THE PRO TOOK
THE FIRST BLOW.
LUCKY SHOT.
BUT THAT'LL CHANGE.
GUESS WHAT I JUST DREW!
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
SIMPLE. YOU JUST PLAYED
THE SAME THING!
POLYMERIZATION!
Bastion: OH PLEASE.
TRY PLAYING
SOMETHING ORIGINAL!
JUST LIKE YOU,
I FUSE MY AVIAN...
WITH MY BURSTINATRIX!
BUT UNLIKE YOU,
I'M FORMING
ELEMENTAL HERO
PHOENIX ENFORCER!
I WAS HOPING
TO SEE HIM!
THIS IS SO COOL!
IS THAT SO?
WELL HOW'S THIS
FOR COOL!?
WAIT! THAT SHOULDA
BEEN A DRAW!
ONE SMALL TECHNICALITY...
HIS PHOENIX ENFORCER
CAN'T BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
WAY TO ONE-UP ME!
WHAT'D YOU EXPECT?
OUR DECKS ARE
SIMILAR, NOT EQUAL.
HUH?
THINK OF THE CARDS
WE USE AS A MIRROR.
THEY REFLECT
WHO WE ARE...
AND WHAT MOTIVATES
OUR ACTIONS.
DO YA HAVE TO
GET SO DEEP?
I REST MY CASE.
THE POINT IS,
MY DECK'S BETTER!
OH YEAH?
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN!
AND SINCE IT'S
THE ONLY CARD
ON MY FIELD...
ITS SPECIAL EFFECT
KICKS IN!
ALLOWING ME TO
DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
AND NEXT I'LL PLAY...
THE WARRIOR RETURNING
ALIVE SPELL CARD!
SO IF YA
DON'T MIND...
I'LL BE BRINGING
A WARRIOR BACK
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN TO BE EXACT!
AND THEN I'LL FUSE
HIM TOGETHER
WITH MY BUBBLEMAN
AND MY SPARKMAN
TO FORM...
DRUM ROLL, PLEASE:
ELEMENTAL
HERO TEMPEST!
NOW ATTACK
WITH GLIDER STRIKE!
HYAH!
ASTER'S MONSTER
MAY BE INVINCIBLE...
BUT THE SAME THING CAN'T BE
SAID FOR HIS LIFE POINTS!
DON'T START CELEBRATING
JUST YET.
THIS DUEL HAS QUITE
A WAYS TO GO!
BACK TO ME!
WELL,
WHAT DO YA KNOW,
HERE'S A CARD WE HAVEN'T
SEEN IN A WHILE!
POLYMERIZATION!
AW, MAN! THAT'S ONLY FUN
WHEN JADEN PLAYS IT!
I TAKE ONE PART
PHOENIX ENFORCER
AND ADD A PINCH
OF SPARKMAN!
AND OUT COMES ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING PHOENIX ENFORCER!
AND THANKS TO HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY HE GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY HERO MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
THAT'S A WHOLE
LOTTA HERO!
THAT BAD BOY'S GONNA
BE ALL OVER JADEN
LIKE FLIES
ON A COW PIE!
YOU'RE WAY
OUTTA YOUR LEAGUE!
SHINING PHOENIX, GO!
ATTACK WITH SHIMMER KICK!
THAT'LL DO.
SO I'LL PUT THIS FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
NOT TOO BAD.
BUT GET THIS!
I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
SO NOW I CAN
DRAW TWO CARDS.
SWEET!
AND NEXT...
I ACTIVATE
MIRACLE FUSION!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS!
FIRST I REMOVE ANY
FUSION-MATERIAL MONSTERS
FROM THE FIELD
OR MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN I CAN SUMMON
SOMETHING STRONGER!
SO HERE GOES!
I COMBINE MY
FLAME WINGMAN...
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
TO FORM THIS!
ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!
AND IF YOU THINK
HE'S STRONG NOW...
JUST WAIT 'TIL HE GAINS
TWELVE HUNDRED POINTS!
THANKS TO THE HEROES
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
ARE YOU DONE?
I WAS HOPING AFTER
THAT BIG PRODUCTION
YOU'D PLAY A MONSTER
THAT CAN ACTUALLY
ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING.
BUT NO. YOU SPENT
20 MINUTES SUMMONING
A MONSTER THAT'S
WEAKER THAN MINE!
NOT EXACTLY.
YA SEE, ATTACK POINTS
AREN'T EVERYTHING.
SO IF YOU DON'T
MIND, I'LL CONTINUE
BY PLAYING LIGHT LASER!
NOW WHEN MY SHINING
WINGMAN ATTACKS...
YOUR HERO IS
AUTOMATICALLY
REMOVED FROM PLAY!
NOT BAD, SLACKER.
NOT BAD AT ALL.
JADEN'S GOT
THE UPPER HAND.
WHAT WOULD ASTER'S
FANS THINK?
IT'S NO WONDER HE INSISTED
THE ARENA BE EMPTY.
NEXT I PLAY...
A FIELD SPELL!
IT'S CALLED
SKYSCRAPER!
I FIGURED WE COULD USE
A CHANGE OF SCENERY.
OH, AND IT BOOSTS
MY WINGMAN BY
A THOUSAND POINTS!
AND NOW...
SHINING FLARE
WINGMAN, ATTACK!
ALL RIGHT, FINE!
WE'LL GO OUT
WITH A BANG!
WINGMAN, ACTIVATE
LIGHT LASER!
AWESOME! WHO'S
THE PRO DUELIST NOW, HUH!?
JADEN!
THIS IS WHAT I CALL
A SWEET DUEL!
WHAT COULD BE BETTER?
HERO MONSTERS
GOING HEAD TO HEAD!
IT'S SO CHILL!
WHAT'S WITH YOU!?
YOU THINK THIS IS ALL
JUST A BIG JOKE!?
WELL I'VE GOT NEWS
FOR YA, JOY-BOY!
DUELING ISN'T
ABOUT HAVING FUN.
AT LEAST NOT FOR ME.
BUT SOMEONE LIKE YOU WOULD
NEVER UNDERSTAND THAT.
I DUEL FOR JUSTICE.
AND REVENGE.
AW, FORGET IT.
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR THAT NOW.
I CHOSE MY HERO
CARDS FOR A REASON.
AND PUNKS LIKE YOU
THAT USE 'EM
JUST 'CAUSE YA THINK
THEY LOOK COOL...
MAKE ME SICK!
CHILL OUT.
LOOK, THESE CARDS
ARE MY LIFE!
THEY'RE EVERYTHING TO ME!
SO YOU CHILL OUT!
I'M ALWAYS CHILL.
WHATEVER. I TOLD YA
YOU WOULDN'T GET IT.
I WAS DESTINED TO
BUILD THIS DECK!
AND HERE'S PROOF!
I ACTIVATE...
MY D-TIME CARD!
SO THANK YOU!
YOU TRIGGERED THIS TRAP
WHEN YOU DESTROYED MY
PHOENIX ENFORCER!
WHEN IT LEAVES THE FIELD,
I CAN UNLEASH A NEW BREED
OF HEROES FROM MY DECK!
THEY'RE KNOWN AS
THE DESTINY HEROES!
DESTINY HEROES?
WHAT HEROES!?
DESTINY, SON!
THEY ALREADY
SAID IT TWICE!
WHAT ARE THEY?
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
YOU DON'T KNOW?!
IT'S TIME TO OPEN YOUR EYES
TO THE TRUE POWER
OF THE ELEMENTAL HEROES!
ENOUGH WITH
THE DRAMATIC
SPEECHES, BRO!
WELL, FINE... THEN I WON'T
TELL YOU MY SECRET.
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
YOU WANNA KNOW
THE TRUTH.
WHAT TRUTH?
THE TRUTH ABOUT A SECRET
SERIES OF HERO MONSTERS
CREATED BY
INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS
BUT NEVER RELEASED
TO THE PUBLIC!
IT'S KNOWN AS
THE D-SERIES!
BUT WHY DON'T I
JUST SHOW YOU!
FIRST I'LL PLAY MY
CLOCK TOWER PRISON FIELD SPELL!
THIS CLOCK IS
THE KEY INGREDIENT!
IT IS? BUT WHY?
OH, SO NOW YOU WANNA
HEAR MY SPEECH.
WHY DON'T WE JUST SAY
THAT WITH EVERY TICK
OF THIS CLOCK,
I COME CLOSER TO VICTORY!
NOW, HANDS OF FATE,
TURN!
AND USHER IN THE DOOM!
(BELL TOLLING)
LOOK! UP THERE!
WHAT IS THAT THING!?
JADEN, MEET
DESTINY HERO-DOOM LORD!
NO OFFENSE...
BUT HE SEEMS WEAK.
LET'S TEST THAT THEORY!
DOOM LORD, SHOW HIM
WHAT YOU'VE GOT!
THAT WAS DUMB!
I CONCUR, CHAZZ.
WHY WOULD ASTER
ACTIVATE THAT!?
HE CLEARLY HAS
THE WEAKER MONSTER!
OH YEAH.
DID I MENTION...
HIS ABILITY?
NOW, DESTINY
HERO-DOOM LORD,
SEND HIM PACKING
WITH IMPENDING DOOM GRIP!
SEE YA.
IN THE FUTURE,
THAT IS.
HEY, WHAT'D YOU DO
TO MY WINGMAN?
HE'S GONE!
YEAH, BUT NOT FOR LONG.
YA SEE, EACH TURN,
MY DOOM LORD CAN SEND ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS TWO TURNS
INTO THE FUTURE!
THAT DOESN'T EVEN
MAKE SENSE.
TO YOU.
'CAUSE YOU'VE GOT A LOT
TO LEARN ABOUT DESTINY.
AND UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
RIGHT NOW...
I'M CONTROLLING YOURS.
AND YOUR FUTURE'S
LOOKING PRETTY GRIM!
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE
CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪